Changes made for Fragments. Uploaded December 17 2017

Current way how the buttons work:
Start Screen -> Single Player Button -> Input Name -> Start Button -> Fragment Screen (with Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, Q5, Finish buttons) -> Finish Fragment -> Finish Button -> High Score Screen -> Finish Button -> Start Screen

The Fragment Screen has replaced the Quiz Interface Screen
0. I haven't deleted the Quiz Interface screen just yet (to save the code in case we want to refer back to the code). It still exists in the file. Some of the new changes may be confusing, but all the fragment stuff should be placed under a folder called MultiplePlayerFragment or something similar. 
1. Consists of a TopBarFragment and the Other Fragment Screens
2. Top Bar Fragment is a horizontal scroll bar that consists of Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, Q5, Final
3. The other fragment screens can be accessed from the horizontal scroll bar
4. If you press the skip button on Q1, it will jump to Q2. If you press the skip button on Q2 page, it will jump to Q3 page.
If you press the skip button on Q5 page, it will jump back to Q1. (This will probably need to be fixed because the screen shouldn't be able
to jump to a question page if the question has already been answered. If Q2 has already been answered, pressing skip on Q1 shouldn't
allow you to jump to Q2)
5. A score counter is present on every screen and it is made available to the public via a SharedPreferences method. This means it can be accessible by any of the fragments or classes and can be edited and retrieved.

JT logic fixes for the top bar fragment
1. JT still needs to fix how to prevent buttons from being pressed again on the Top bar fragment. The IF statement only works sometimes
2. The score counter must be restarted every time the game restarts, otherwise the counter still works and is displayed in the high scores page.
3. Need to come to consensus as to how to score points (True = +1 False = -1 Cheat = 0 or -2??)
4. Need to sort out the skip button.

Multiplayer game is now clarified after talking to Rae:
1. Player 2 can play the game AFTER Player 1, so instead of having to switch phones immediately after answering each question, the game
can begin AFTER player 1 has finished his game
2. This means we just have to repeat the code such that the quiz interface is repeated after player 1 finishes
3. No need to have player 2 answer a question after player 1. no need to have players alternating their roles.

Left to do:
1. Array sorting for the high scores page to display the previous scores
2. Player 2 input name interface
3. Player 2 quiz interface (shouldn't be hard b/c you just have to restart the code for player 1)
